Thu Nov  6 13:19:00 EST 2003

This is the release 6.1 of the Link Aggregation Control Protocol.

The integrator will need to performs certain steps (enumerated below)
in order to properly integrate LACP into a system. This release does
not include either the collection or distribution functions.
It is expected that these functions are performed by hardware.

The system integrator will need to perform the following
tasks:

Configure the system parameters prior to compilation.
Relevant parameters contained in lacp_config.h include:

  LACP_AGG_LIST_SIZE  - maximum number of aggregators
  LACP_MAX_LINKS      - maximum number of links capable of
                        bring aggregated.
  LACP_MAX_AGGREGATOR_LINKS - maximum number of links aggregated
                        in an aggregator.

  MUX_INDEPENDENT_CTRL  - define this if HW is capable of 
                        independent control of the collection
                        distribution function.

  LACP_DYNAMIC_AGG_ASSIGNMENT - define this is the aggregators
                        can be dynamically selected for aggregation.
                        Alternatively, the aggregator key is used
                        to determine if the aggregator can aggregate
                        a link (aggregator key must match link key).

Implement the functions declared in npf_lacp.h.

This release does include a linux kernel loadable module that can be
used to test lacp. It also does not contain either the collection or
distribution functions. It will however, exchange LACPDUs with
other LACP peers and properly call the appropriate npf functions
declared in npf_lacp.h.

In order to integrate with the bridging functions, integrators
will need to implement a "virtual" interface per aggregator.
This interface is used to transmit/receive BPDUs. The receive
function should be hooked into all of the underlying interface
receive routines to collect STP BPDUs. The transmit routine
can be hooked to the distribution function to transmit STP BPDUs.
LACP itself operates on the underlying interfaces for the transmission
and reception of LACPDUs.
